---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_anycast_configs Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "Anycast"
description: |-
  Retrieve all named anycast configurations for the account.
---

# bloxone_anycast_configs (Data Source)

Retrieve all named anycast configurations for the account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#Get anycast configuration by tag filter
data "bloxone_anycast_configs" "example_filter" {
  tag_filters = {
    tag1 = "value1"
  }
}

#Get anycast configuration by service
data "bloxone_anycast_configs" "example_service" {
  service = "DNS"
}

#Get all the anycast configuration
data "bloxone_anycast_configs" "example_all" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `host_id` (Number) Filter by host ID.
- `is_configured` (Boolean) Filter by configuration status.
- `service` (String) Filter by service type.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `anycast_ip_address` (String) IPv4 address of the host in string format.
- `name` (String) The name of the anycast configuration.
- `service` (String) The type of the Service used in anycast configuration, supports (`dns`, `dhcp`, `dfp`).

Optional:

- `anycast_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the host in string format
- `description` (String) The description for the address object. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tagging specifics.

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (Number) The account identifier.
- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (Number) The resource identifier.
- `is_configured` (Boolean)
- `onprem_hosts` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--onprem_hosts))
- `runtime_status` (String)
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.

<a id="nestedatt--results--onprem_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.onprem_hosts`

Required:

- `id` (Number) The resource identifier.

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) IPv4 address of the host in string format
- `ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the host in string format

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the anycast.
- `ophid` (String) Unique 32-character string identifier assigned to the host
- `runtime_status` (String)
