---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dfp_services Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "Threat Defense"
description: |-
  Retrieves information on all DNS Forwarding Proxy services.
---

# bloxone_dfp_services (Data Source)

Retrieves information on all DNS Forwarding Proxy services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get DFP Services filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_dfp_services" "test" {
  filters = {
    service_name = "example_dfp_service"
  }
}

# Get all DFP Services
data "bloxone_dfp_services" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `service_id` (String) The On-Prem Application Service identifier. For internal Use only

Optional:

- `forwarding_policy` (String) Policy Identifier for DNS Forwarding Proxy.
- `internal_domain_lists` (List of Number) The list of internal domains list IDs that are associated with this DFP
- `net_addr_policy_ids` (Attributes List) List of network-address-scoped security policy assignments (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--net_addr_policy_ids))
- `resolvers_all` (Attributes List) List of DNS resolvers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--resolvers_all))

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String) The time when this DNS Forwarding Proxy object was created.
- `elb_ip_list` (List of String) The list of internal or local DNS servers' IPv4 or IPv6 addresses that are used as ELB IPs.
- `host` (Attributes List) host information. For internal Use only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--host))
- `id` (Number) The DNS Forwarding Proxy object identifier.
- `name` (String) The name of the DNS Forwarding Proxy.
- `ophid` (String) The On-Prem Host identifier.
- `policy_id` (Number) The identifier of the security policy with which the DNS Forwarding Proxy is associated.
- `pop_region_id` (Number) Point of Presence (PoP) region
- `service_name` (String) The On-Prem Application Service name. For internal Use only
- `site_id` (String) The DNS Forwarding Proxy site identifier that is appended to DNS queries originating from this DNS Forwarding Proxy and subsequently used for policy lookup purposes.
- `updated_time` (String) The time when this DNS Forwarding Proxy object was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--results--net_addr_policy_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.net_addr_policy_ids`

Optional:

- `addr_net` (String) Network address in IPv4 CIDR (address/bitmask length) string format
- `policy_id` (Number) Identifier of the security policy associated with this address block


<a id="nestedatt--results--resolvers_all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.resolvers_all`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address that can be used as resolver
- `is_fallback` (Boolean) Mark it true to set default DNS resolvers that will be used in case if the BloxOne Cloud is unreachable.
- `is_local` (Boolean) Mark it true to set internal or local DNS servers' IPv4 or IPv6 addresses that are used as DNS resolvers
- `protocols` (List of String) The list of DNS resolver communication protocols.


<a id="nestedatt--results--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.host`

Optional:

- `legacy_host_id` (Number) The DNS Forwarding Proxy legacy ID object identifier.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS Forwarding Proxy.
- `ophid` (String) The On-Prem Host identifier.
- `site_id` (String) The DNS Forwarding Proxy site identifier that is appended to DNS queries originating from this DNS Forwarding Proxy and subsequently used for policy lookup purposes.
