---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dhcp_servers Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "IPAM/DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP Config Profiles.
  A Server (DHCP Config Profile) is a named configuration profile that can be shared for specified list of hosts.
---

# bloxone_dhcp_servers (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP Config Profiles.

A Server (DHCP Config Profile) is a named configuration profile that can be shared for specified list of hosts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get dhcp servers filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_dhcp_servers" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_dhcp_server"
  }
}

# Get dhcp servers filtered by tag
data "bloxone_dhcp_servers" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all dhcp servers
data "bloxone_dhcp_servers" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the DHCP Config Profile. Must contain 1 to 256 characters. Can include UTF-8.

Optional:

- `client_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name. It uses the typical Kerberos notation: `<SERVICE-NAME>/<server-domain-name>@<REALM>`. Defaults to empty.
- `comment` (String) The description for the DHCP Config Profile. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `ddns_client_update` (String) Controls who does the DDNS updates. Valid values are:
  * _client_: DHCP server updates DNS if requested by client.
  * _server_: DHCP server always updates DNS, overriding an update request from the client, unless the client requests no updates.
  * _ignore_: DHCP server always updates DNS, even if the client says not to.
  * _over_client_update_: Same as _server_. DHCP server always updates DNS, overriding an update request from the client, unless the client requests no updates.
  * _over_no_update_: DHCP server updates DNS even if the client requests that no updates be done. If the client requests to do the update, DHCP server allows it.

  Defaults to _client_.
- `ddns_conflict_resolution_mode` (String) The mode used for resolving conflicts while performing DDNS updates. Valid values are:
  * _check_with_dhcid_: It includes adding a DHCID record and checking that record via conflict detection as per RFC 4703.
  * _no_check_with_dhcid_: This will ignore conflict detection but add a DHCID record when creating/updating an entry.
  * _check_exists_with_dhcid_: This will check if there is an existing DHCID record but does not verify the value of the record matches the update. This will also update the DHCID record for the entry.
  * _no_check_without_dhcid_: This ignores conflict detection and will not add a DHCID record when creating/updating a DDNS entry.

  Defaults to _check_with_dhcid_.
- `ddns_domain` (String) The domain suffix for DDNS updates. FQDN, may be empty. Required if _ddns_enabled_ is true.  Defaults to empty.
- `ddns_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if DDNS updates should be performed for leases. All other _ddns_*_ configuration is ignored when this flag is unset. At a minimum, _ddns_domain_ and _ddns_zones_ must be configured to enable DDNS. Defaults to _false_.
- `ddns_generate_name` (Boolean) Indicates if DDNS should generate a hostname when not supplied by the client.  Defaults to _false_.
- `ddns_generated_prefix` (String) The prefix used in the generation of an FQDN.  When generating a name, DHCP server will construct the name in the format: [ddns-generated-prefix]-[address-text].[ddns-qualifying-suffix]. where address-text is simply the lease IP address converted to a hyphenated string. Defaults to \"myhost\".
- `ddns_send_updates` (Boolean) Determines if DDNS updates are enabled at the IP space level. Defaults to _true_.
- `ddns_ttl_percent` (Number) DDNS TTL value - to be calculated as a simple percentage of the lease's lifetime, using the parameter's value as the percentage. It is specified as a percentage (e.g. 25, 75). Defaults to unspecified.
- `ddns_update_on_renew` (Boolean) Instructs the DHCP server to always update the DNS information when a lease is renewed even if its DNS information has not changed.  Defaults to _false_.
- `ddns_use_conflict_resolution` (Boolean) When true, DHCP server will apply conflict resolution, as described in RFC 4703, when attempting to fulfill the update request.  When false, DHCP server will simply attempt to update the DNS entries per the request, regardless of whether or not they conflict with existing entries owned by other DHCP4 clients.  Defaults to _true_.
- `ddns_zones` (Attributes List) The DNS zones that DDNS updates can be sent to. There is no resolver fallback. The target zone must be explicitly configured for the update to be performed.  Updates are sent to the closest enclosing zone.  Error if _ddns_enabled_ is _true_ and the _ddns_domain_ does not have a corresponding entry in _ddns_zones_.  Error if there are items with duplicate zone in the list.  Defaults to empty list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--ddns_zones))
- `dhcp_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_config))
- `dhcp_options` (Attributes List) The list of DHCP options or group of options for IPv4. An option list is ordered and may include both option groups and specific options. Multiple occurrences of the same option or group is not an error. The last occurrence of an option in the list will be used. Error if the graph of referenced groups contains cycles. Defaults to empty list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_options))
- `dhcp_options_v6` (Attributes List) The list of DHCP options or group of options for IPv6. An option list is ordered and may include both option groups and specific options. Multiple occurrences of the same option or group is not an error. The last occurrence of an option in the list will be used. Error if the graph of referenced groups contains cycles. Defaults to empty list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_options_v6))
- `gss_tsig_fallback` (Boolean) The behavior when GSS-TSIG should be used (a matching external DNS server is configured) but no GSS-TSIG key is available. If configured to _false_ (the default) this DNS server is skipped, if configured to _true_ the DNS server is ignored and the DNS update is sent with the configured DHCP-DDNS protection e.g. TSIG key or without any protection when none was configured.  Defaults to _false_.
- `header_option_filename` (String) The configuration for header option filename field.
- `header_option_server_address` (String) The configuration for header option server address field.
- `header_option_server_name` (String) The configuration for header option server name field.
- `hostname_rewrite_char` (String) The character to replace non-matching characters with, when hostname rewrite is enabled.  Any single ASCII character or no character if the invalid characters should be removed without replacement.  Defaults to \"-\".
- `hostname_rewrite_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if client supplied hostnames will be rewritten prior to DDNS update by replacing every character that does not match _hostname_rewrite_regex_ by _hostname_rewrite_char_.  Defaults to _false_.
- `hostname_rewrite_regex` (String) The regex bracket expression to match valid characters.  Must begin with \"[\" and end with \"]\" and be a compilable POSIX regex.  Defaults to \"[^a-zA-Z0-9_.]\".
- `inheritance_sources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources))
- `kerberos_kdc` (String) Address of Kerberos Key Distribution Center.  Defaults to empty.
- `kerberos_keys` (Attributes List) _kerberos_keys_ contains a list of keys for GSS-TSIG signed dynamic updates.  Defaults to empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--kerberos_keys))
- `kerberos_rekey_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) the keys for each configured external DNS server are checked for rekeying, i.e. a new key is created to replace the current usable one when its age is greater than the _kerberos_rekey_interval_ value.  Defaults to 120 seconds.
- `kerberos_retry_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) to retry to create a key if any error occurred previously for any configured external DNS server.  Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (in seconds) of GSS-TSIG keys in the TKEY protocol.  Defaults to 160 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_protocol` (String) Determines which protocol is used to establish the security context with the external DNS servers, TCP or UDP.  Defaults to _tcp_.
- `server_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name of the external DNS server that will receive updates.  Defaults to empty.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the DHCP Config Profile in JSON format.
- `vendor_specific_option_option_space` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `tags_all` (Map of String) The tags for the DHCP Config Profile in JSON format including default tags.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.

<a id="nestedatt--results--ddns_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.ddns_zones`

Required:

- `zone` (String) The resource identifier.

Optional:

- `fqdn` (String) Zone FQDN.  If _zone_ is defined, the _fqdn_ field must be empty.
- `gss_tsig_enabled` (Boolean) _gss_tsig_enabled_ enables/disables GSS-TSIG signed dynamic updates.  Defaults to _false_.
- `nameservers` (Attributes List) The Nameservers in the zone.  Each nameserver IP should be unique across the list of nameservers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--ddns_zones--nameservers))
- `tsig_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if TSIG key should be used for the update.  Defaults to _false_.
- `tsig_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--ddns_zones--tsig_key))

Read-Only:

- `view` (String) The resource identifier.
- `view_name` (String) The name of the view.

<a id="nestedatt--results--ddns_zones--nameservers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.ddns_zones.nameservers`

Optional:

- `client_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name. It uses the typical Kerberos notation: <SERVICE-NAME>/<server-domain-name>@<REALM>.  Defaults to empty.
- `gss_tsig_fallback` (Boolean) The behavior when GSS-TSIG should be used (a matching external DNS server is configured) but no GSS-TSIG key is available. If configured to _false_ (the default) this DNS server is skipped, if configured to _true_ the DNS server is ignored and the DNS update is sent with the configured DHCP-DDNS protection e.g. TSIG key or without any protection when none was configured.  Defaults to _false_.
- `kerberos_rekey_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) the keys for each configured external DNS server are checked for rekeying, i.e. a new key is created to replace the current usable one when its age is greater than the _kerberos_rekey_interval_ value.  Defaults to 120 seconds.
- `kerberos_retry_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) to retry to create a key if any error occurred previously for any configured external DNS server.  Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (in seconds) of GSS-TSIG keys in the TKEY protocol.  Defaults to 160 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_protocol` (String) Determines which protocol is used to establish the security context with the external DNS servers, TCP or UDP.  Defaults to _tcp_.
- `nameserver` (String)
- `server_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name of this DNS server that will receive updates.  Defaults to empty.


<a id="nestedatt--results--ddns_zones--tsig_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.ddns_zones.tsig_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The resource identifier.

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) TSIG key algorithm.

  Valid values are:
  * _hmac_sha1_
  * _hmac_sha224_
  * _hmac_sha256_
  * _hmac_sha384_
  * _hmac_sha512_
- `comment` (String) The description for the TSIG key. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `name` (String) The TSIG key name, FQDN.
- `secret` (String) The TSIG key secret, base64 string.

Read-Only:

- `protocol_name` (String) The TSIG key name in punycode.



<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_config`

Optional:

- `abandoned_reclaim_time` (Number) The abandoned reclaim time in seconds for IPV4 clients.
- `abandoned_reclaim_time_v6` (Number) The abandoned reclaim time in seconds for IPV6 clients.
- `allow_unknown` (Boolean) Disable to allow leases only for known IPv4 clients, those for which a fixed address is configured.
- `allow_unknown_v6` (Boolean) Disable to allow leases only for known IPV6 clients, those for which a fixed address is configured.
- `echo_client_id` (Boolean) Enable/disable to include/exclude the client id when responding to discover or request.
- `filters` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `filters_v6` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `ignore_client_uid` (Boolean) Enable to ignore the client UID when issuing a DHCP lease. Use this option to prevent assigning two IP addresses for a client which does not have a UID during one phase of PXE boot but acquires one for the other phase.
- `ignore_list` (Attributes List) The list of clients to ignore requests from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_config--ignore_list))
- `lease_time` (Number) The lease duration in seconds.
- `lease_time_v6` (Number) The lease duration in seconds for IPV6 clients.

<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_config--ignore_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_config.ignore_list`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of ignore matching: client to ignore by client identifier (client hex or client text) or hardware to ignore by hardware identifier (MAC address). It can have one of the following values:
  * _client_hex_
  * _client_text_
  * _hardware_
- `value` (String) Value to match.



<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_options`

Optional:

- `group` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_code` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_value` (String) The option value.
- `type` (String) The type of item. Valid values are:
  * _group_
  * _option_


<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_options_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_options_v6`

Optional:

- `group` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_code` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_value` (String) The option value.
- `type` (String) The type of item. Valid values are:
  * _group_
  * _option_


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources`

Optional:

- `ddns_block` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block))
- `ddns_client_update` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_client_update))
- `ddns_conflict_resolution_mode` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_conflict_resolution_mode))
- `ddns_hostname_block` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block))
- `ddns_ttl_percent` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_ttl_percent))
- `ddns_update_on_renew` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_on_renew))
- `ddns_use_conflict_resolution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_use_conflict_resolution))
- `dhcp_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config))
- `dhcp_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options))
- `dhcp_options_v6` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6))
- `header_option_filename` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_filename))
- `header_option_server_address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_address))
- `header_option_server_name` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_name))
- `hostname_rewrite_block` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block))
- `vendor_specific_option_option_space` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--vendor_specific_option_option_space))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `client_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name. It uses the typical Kerberos notation: <SERVICE-NAME>/<server-domain-name>@<REALM>.  Defaults to empty.
- `ddns_domain` (String) The domain name for DDNS.
- `ddns_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if DDNS is enabled.
- `ddns_send_updates` (Boolean) Determines if DDNS updates are enabled at this level.
- `ddns_zones` (Attributes List) The list of DDNS zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--ddns_zones))
- `gss_tsig_fallback` (Boolean) The behavior when GSS-TSIG should be used (a matching external DNS server is configured) but no GSS-TSIG key is available. If configured to _false_ (the default) this DNS server is skipped, if configured to _true_ the DNS server is ignored and the DNS update is sent with the configured DHCP-DDNS protection e.g. TSIG key or without any protection when none was configured.  Defaults to _false_.
- `kerberos_kdc` (String) Address of Kerberos Key Distribution Center.  Defaults to empty.
- `kerberos_keys` (Attributes List) _kerberos_keys_ contains a list of keys for GSS-TSIG signed dynamic updates.  Defaults to empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--kerberos_keys))
- `kerberos_rekey_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) the keys for each configured external DNS server are checked for rekeying, i.e. a new key is created to replace the current usable one when its age is greater than the rekey_interval value.  Defaults to 120 seconds.
- `kerberos_retry_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) to retry to create a key if any error occurred previously for any configured external DNS server.  Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (in seconds) of GSS-TSIG keys in the TKEY protocol.  Defaults to 160 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_protocol` (String) Determines which protocol is used to establish the security context with the external DNS servers, TCP or UDP.  Defaults to _tcp_.
- `server_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name of the external DNS server that will receive updates.  Defaults to empty.

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--ddns_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_block.value.ddns_zones`

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) Zone FQDN.  If _zone_ is defined, the _fqdn_ field must be empty.
- `gss_tsig_enabled` (Boolean) _gss_tsig_enabled_ enables/disables GSS-TSIG signed dynamic updates.  Defaults to _false_.
- `nameservers` (Attributes List) The Nameservers in the zone.  Each nameserver IP should be unique across the list of nameservers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--ddns_zones--nameservers))
- `tsig_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if TSIG key should be used for the update.  Defaults to _false_.
- `tsig_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--ddns_zones--tsig_key))
- `view` (String) The resource identifier.
- `view_name` (String) The name of the view.
- `zone` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--ddns_zones--nameservers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_block.value.ddns_zones.nameservers`

Read-Only:

- `client_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name. It uses the typical Kerberos notation: <SERVICE-NAME>/<server-domain-name>@<REALM>.  Defaults to empty.
- `gss_tsig_fallback` (Boolean) The behavior when GSS-TSIG should be used (a matching external DNS server is configured) but no GSS-TSIG key is available. If configured to _false_ (the default) this DNS server is skipped, if configured to _true_ the DNS server is ignored and the DNS update is sent with the configured DHCP-DDNS protection e.g. TSIG key or without any protection when none was configured.  Defaults to _false_.
- `kerberos_rekey_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) the keys for each configured external DNS server are checked for rekeying, i.e. a new key is created to replace the current usable one when its age is greater than the _kerberos_rekey_interval_ value.  Defaults to 120 seconds.
- `kerberos_retry_interval` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) to retry to create a key if any error occurred previously for any configured external DNS server.  Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (in seconds) of GSS-TSIG keys in the TKEY protocol.  Defaults to 160 seconds.
- `kerberos_tkey_protocol` (String) Determines which protocol is used to establish the security context with the external DNS servers, TCP or UDP.  Defaults to _tcp_.
- `nameserver` (String)
- `server_principal` (String) The Kerberos principal name of this DNS server that will receive updates.  Defaults to empty.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--ddns_zones--tsig_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_block.value.ddns_zones.tsig_key`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) TSIG key algorithm.

  Valid values are:
  * _hmac_sha1_
  * _hmac_sha224_
  * _hmac_sha256_
  * _hmac_sha384_
  * _hmac_sha512_
- `comment` (String) The description for the TSIG key. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `key` (String) The resource identifier.
- `name` (String) The TSIG key name, FQDN.
- `protocol_name` (String) The TSIG key name in punycode.
- `secret` (String) The TSIG key secret, base64 string.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_block--value--kerberos_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_block.value.kerberos_keys`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm of the key in accordance with RFC 3961.
- `domain` (String) Kerberos realm of the principal.
- `key` (String) The resource identifier.
- `principal` (String) Kerberos principal associated with key.
- `uploaded_at` (String) Upload time for the key.
- `version` (Number) The version number (KVNO) of the key.




<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_client_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_client_update`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_conflict_resolution_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_conflict_resolution_mode`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_hostname_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_hostname_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `ddns_generate_name` (Boolean) Indicates if DDNS should generate a hostname when not supplied by the client.
- `ddns_generated_prefix` (String) The prefix used in the generation of an FQDN.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_ttl_percent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_ttl_percent`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_on_renew"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_update_on_renew`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_use_conflict_resolution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_use_conflict_resolution`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config`

Optional:

- `abandoned_reclaim_time` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time))
- `abandoned_reclaim_time_v6` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time_v6))
- `allow_unknown` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown))
- `allow_unknown_v6` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown_v6))
- `echo_client_id` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--echo_client_id))
- `filters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters))
- `filters_v6` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters_v6))
- `ignore_client_uid` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_client_uid))
- `ignore_list` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_list))
- `lease_time` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time))
- `lease_time_v6` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time_v6))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.abandoned_reclaim_time`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.abandoned_reclaim_time_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.allow_unknown`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.allow_unknown_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--echo_client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.echo_client_id`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.filters`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (List of String) The resource identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.filters_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (List of String) The resource identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_client_uid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.ignore_client_uid`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.ignore_list`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes List) The inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time_v6--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time_v6--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.lease_time_v6.value`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of ignore matching: client to ignore by client identifier (client hex or client text) or hardware to ignore by hardware identifier (MAC address). It can have one of the following values:
  * _client_hex_
  * _client_text_
  * _hardware_
- `value` (String) Value to match.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.lease_time`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.lease_time_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _block_: Don't use the inherited value.

  Defaults to _inherit_.
- `value` (Attributes List) The inherited DHCP option values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options.value`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _block_: Don't use the inherited value.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options.value.value`

Read-Only:

- `option` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value--option))
- `overriding_group` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value--option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options.value.value.option`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_code` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_value` (String) The option value.
- `type` (String) The type of item. Valid values are:
  * _group_
  * _option_





<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _block_: Don't use the inherited value.

  Defaults to _inherit_.
- `value` (Attributes List) The inherited DHCP option values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options_v6.value`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _block_: Don't use the inherited value.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6--value--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6--value--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options_v6.value.value`

Read-Only:

- `option` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6--value--value--option))
- `overriding_group` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options_v6--value--value--option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options_v6.value.value.option`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_code` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_value` (String) The option value.
- `type` (String) The type of item. Valid values are:
  * _group_
  * _option_





<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_filename"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.header_option_filename`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.header_option_server_address`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.header_option_server_name`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.hostname_rewrite_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.hostname_rewrite_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `hostname_rewrite_char` (String) The inheritance configuration for _hostname_rewrite_char_ field.
- `hostname_rewrite_enabled` (Boolean) The inheritance configuration for _hostname_rewrite_enabled_ field.
- `hostname_rewrite_regex` (String) The inheritance configuration for _hostname_rewrite_regex_ field.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--vendor_specific_option_option_space"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.vendor_specific_option_option_space`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The resource identifier.



<a id="nestedatt--results--kerberos_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.kerberos_keys`

Required:

- `key` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm of the key in accordance with RFC 3961.
- `domain` (String) Kerberos realm of the principal.
- `principal` (String) Kerberos principal associated with key.
- `uploaded_at` (String) Upload time for the key.
- `version` (Number) The version number (KVNO) of the key.
