---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dhcp_option_spaces Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "IPAM/DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP Option Spaces.
  The Option Space object represents a set of DHCP option codes.
---

# bloxone_dhcp_option_spaces (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP Option Spaces.

The Option Space object represents a set of DHCP option codes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get DHCP Option spaces filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_dhcp_option_spaces" "example_by_name" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-space"
  }
}

# Get DHCP Option space/s by tag
data "bloxone_dhcp_option_spaces" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    location = "site1"
  }
}

# Get all DHCP Option spaces
data "bloxone_dhcp_option_spaces" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the option space. Must contain 1 to 256 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `protocol` (String) The type of protocol for the option space (_ip4_ or _ip6_).

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The description for the option space. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the option space in JSON format.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `tags_all` (Map of String) The tags for the option space in JSON format including default tags.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
