---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dhcp_option_codes Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_dhcp_option_codes (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get DHCP Option code filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_dhcp_option_codes" "example_by_name" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-code"
  }
}

# Get DHCP Option code/s by tag
data "bloxone_dhcp_option_codes" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    location = "site1"
  }
}

# Get all DHCP Option codes
data "bloxone_dhcp_option_codes" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `code` (Number) The option code.
- `name` (String) The name of the option code. Must contain 1 to 256 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `option_space` (String) The resource identifier.
- `type` (String) The option type for the option code.  Valid values are: * _address4_ * _address6_ * _boolean_ * _empty_ * _fqdn_ * _int8_ * _int16_ * _int32_ * _text_ * _uint8_ * _uint16_ * _uint32_

Optional:

- `array` (Boolean) Indicates whether the option value is an array of the type or not.
- `comment` (String) The description for the option code. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `source` (String) The source for the option code.  Valid values are:  * _dhcp_server_  * _reserved_  * _blox_one_ddi_  * _customer_  Defaults to _customer_.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
