---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_https_records Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_dns_https_records (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get "HTTPS" records filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_dns_https_records" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "absolute_name_spec" = "abc.example.com"
  }
}

# Get "HTTPS" records filtered by tag
data "bloxone_dns_https_records" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all "HTTPS" records
data "bloxone_dns_https_records" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `rdata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--rdata))

Optional:

- `absolute_name_spec` (String) Synthetic field, used to determine _zone_ and/or _name_in_zone_ field for records.
- `comment` (String) The description for the DNS resource record. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the DNS resource record is disabled. A disabled object is effectively non-existent when generating configuration.  Defaults to _false_.
- `inheritance_sources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources))
- `name_in_zone` (String) The relative owner name to the zone origin. Must be specified for creating the DNS resource record and is read only for other operations.
- `options` (Map of String) The DNS resource record type-specific non-protocol options.  Valid value for _A_ (Address) and _AAAA_ (IPv6 Address) records:  Option     | Description -----------|----------------------------------------- create_ptr | A boolean flag which can be set to _true_ for POST operation to automatically create the corresponding PTR record. check_rmz  | A boolean flag which can be set to _true_ for POST operation to check the existence of reverse zone for creating the corresponding PTR record. Only applicable if the _create_ptr_ option is set to _true_.   Valid value for _PTR_ (Pointer) records:  Option     | Description -----------|---------------------------------------- address    | For GET operation it contains the IPv4 or IPv6 address represented by the PTR record.<br><br>For POST and PATCH operations it can be used to create/update a PTR record based on the IP address it represents. In this case, in addition to the _address_ in the options field, need to specify the _view_ field. |
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the DNS resource record in JSON format.
- `ttl` (Number) The record time to live value in seconds. The range of this value is 0 to 2147483647.  Defaults to TTL value from the SOA record of the zone.
- `view` (String) The resource identifier.
- `zone` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `absolute_zone_name` (String) The absolute domain name of the zone where this record belongs.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the object has been created.
- `delegation` (String) The resource identifier.
- `dns_absolute_name_spec` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of _absolute_name_spec_.
- `dns_absolute_zone_name` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of the absolute domain name of the zone where this record belongs.
- `dns_name_in_zone` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of the relative owner name for the DNS zone.
- `dns_rdata` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of the DNS resource record data.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `ipam_host` (String) The resource identifier.
- `provider_metadata` (Map of String) external DNS provider metadata.
- `source` (List of String) Source indicator                    | Description ------------------------------------|-------------------------------- _STATIC_                            |  Record was created manually by API call to _dns/record_. Valid for all record types except _SOA_. _SYSTEM_                            |  Record was created automatically based on name server assignment. Valid for _SOA_, _NS_, _A_, _AAAA_, and _PTR_ record types. _DYNAMIC_                           |  Record was created dynamically by performing dynamic update. Valid for all record types except _SOA_. _DELEGATED_                         |  Record was created automatically based on delegation servers assignment. Always extends the _SYSTEM_ bit. Valid for _NS_, _A_, _AAAA_, and _PTR_ record types. _DTC_                               |  Record was created automatically based on the DTC configuration. Always extends the _SYSTEM_ bit. Valid only for _IBMETA_ record type with _LBDN_ subtype. _STATIC_, _SYSTEM_                  |  Record was created manually by API call but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment. _DYNAMIC_, _SYSTEM_                 |  Record was created dynamically by DDNS but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment. _DELEGATED_, _SYSTEM_               |  Record was created automatically based on delegation servers assignment. _SYSTEM_ will always accompany _DELEGATED_. _DTC_, _SYSTEM_                     |  Record was created automatically based on the DTC configuration. _SYSTEM_ will always accompany _DTC_. _STATIC_, _SYSTEM_, _DELEGATED_     |  Record was created manually by API call but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment as a result of creating a delegation. _DYNAMIC_, _SYSTEM_, _DELEGATED_    |  Record was created dynamically by DDNS but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment as a result of creating a delegation.
- `subtype` (String) The DNS resource record subtype specified in the textual mnemonic format. Valid only in case _type_ is _IBMETA_.  Value | Numeric Type | Description ------|--------------|--------------------------------------------- | 0            | Default value LBDN  | 1            | LBDN record
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record. This is always `HTTPS`.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
- `view_name` (String) The display name of the DNS view that contains the parent zone of the DNS resource record.

<a id="nestedatt--results--rdata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.rdata`

Required:

- `target_name` (String) The target domain name of the HTTPS record.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources`

Optional:

- `ttl` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ttl))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ttl`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field.  Valid values are: * _inherit_: Use the inherited value. * _override_: Use the value set in the object.  Defaults to _inherit_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.
