---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_delegations Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing zone delegations.
---

# bloxone_dns_delegations (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing zone delegations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get delegation zone filtered by an attribute

data "bloxone_dns_delegations" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    fqdn = "domain.com."
  }
}

# Get delegation zones filtered by tag
data "bloxone_dns_delegations" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    region = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all delegation zones
data "bloxone_dns_delegations" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `delegation_servers` (Attributes List) Required. DNS zone delegation servers. Order is not significant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--delegation_servers))
- `fqdn` (String) Delegation FQDN. The FQDN supplied at creation will be converted to canonical form.  Read-only after creation.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Optional. Comment for zone delegation.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Optional. _true_ to disable object. A disabled object is effectively non-existent when generating resource records.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tagging specifics.
- `view` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `parent` (String) The resource identifier.
- `protocol_fqdn` (String) Delegation FQDN in punycode.
- `tags_all` (Map of String) Tagging specifics includes default tags.

<a id="nestedatt--results--delegation_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.delegation_servers`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) Required. FQDN of nameserver.

Optional:

- `address` (String) Optional. IP Address of nameserver.  Only required when fqdn of a delegation server falls under delegation fqdn

Read-Only:

- `protocol_fqdn` (String) FQDN of nameserver in punycode.
