---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_hosts Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS Hosts.
  A DNS Host object associates DNS configuration with hosts.
---

# bloxone_dns_hosts (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS Hosts.

A DNS Host object associates DNS configuration with hosts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get all DNS Hosts
data "bloxone_dns_hosts" "all_hosts" {}

# Get DNS Host by name
data "bloxone_dns_hosts" "dns_host_by_name" {
  filters = {
    name = "dns_host_by_name"
  }
}

# Get DNS Hosts with the specific tags
data "bloxone_dns_hosts" "all_dns_hosts_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    location = "site1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `retry_if_not_found` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the data source will retry until a matching host is found, or until the Read Timeout expires.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Optional:

- `associated_server` (Attributes) Host associated server configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--associated_server))
- `inheritance_sources` (Attributes) Optional. Inheritance configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources))
- `kerberos_keys` (Attributes List) Optional. _kerberos_keys_ contains a list of keys for GSS-TSIG signed dynamic updates.  Defaults to empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--kerberos_keys))
- `server` (String) The resource identifier.
- `tags` (Map of String) Host tagging specifics.

Read-Only:

- `absolute_name` (String) Host FQDN.
- `address` (String) Host's primary IP Address.
- `anycast_addresses` (List of String) Anycast address configured to the host. Order is not significant.
- `comment` (String) Host description.
- `current_version` (String) Host current version.
- `dfp` (Boolean) Below _dfp_ field is deprecated and not supported anymore. The indication whether or not BloxOne DDI DNS and BloxOne TD DFP are both active on the host will be migrated into the new _dfp_service_ field.
- `dfp_service` (String) DFP service indicates whether or not BloxOne DDI DNS and BloxOne TD DFP are both active on the host. If so, BloxOne DDI DNS will augment recursive queries and forward them to BloxOne TD DFP. Allowed values:  * _unavailable_: BloxOne TD DFP application is not available,  * _enabled_: BloxOne TD DFP application is available and enabled,  * _disabled_: BloxOne TD DFP application is available but disabled.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `name` (String) Host display name.
- `ophid` (String) On-Prem Host ID.
- `protocol_absolute_name` (String) Host FQDN in punycode.
- `provider_id` (String) External provider identifier.
- `site_id` (String) Host site ID.
- `type` (String) Defines the type of host. Allowed values:  * _bloxone_ddi_: host type is BloxOne DDI,  * _microsoft_azure_: host type is Microsoft Azure,  * _amazon_web_service_: host type is Amazon Web Services,  * _microsoft_active_directory_: host type is Microsoft Active Directory,  * _google_cloud_platform_: host type is Google Cloud Platform.

<a id="nestedatt--results--associated_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.associated_server`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `name` (String) DNS server name.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources`

Optional:

- `kerberos_keys` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.kerberos_keys`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Optional. Inheritance setting for a field. Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes List) Inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.kerberos_keys.value`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm of the key in accordance with RFC 3961.
- `domain` (String) Kerberos realm of the principal.
- `key` (String) The resource identifier.
- `principal` (String) Kerberos principal associated with key.
- `uploaded_at` (String) Upload time for the key.
- `version` (Number) The version number (KVNO) of the key.




<a id="nestedatt--results--kerberos_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.kerberos_keys`

Required:

- `key` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm of the key in accordance with RFC 3961.
- `domain` (String) Kerberos realm of the principal.
- `principal` (String) Kerberos principal associated with key.
- `uploaded_at` (String) Upload time for the key.
- `version` (Number) The version number (KVNO) of the key.
