---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_acls Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing named Access Control Lists.
---

# bloxone_dns_acls (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing named Access Control Lists.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get DNS ACLs filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_dns_acls" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_acl"
  }
}

# Get DNS ACLs filtered by tag
data "bloxone_dns_acls" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    site = "Site A"
  }
}

# Get all DNS ACLs
data "bloxone_dns_acls" "example_all" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `name` (String) ACL object name.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Optional. Comment for ACL.
- `list` (Attributes List) Optional. Ordered list of access control elements.  Elements are evaluated in order to determine access. If evaluation reaches the end of the list then access is denied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--list))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tagging specifics.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `tags_all` (Map of String) Tagging specifics includes the default tags.

<a id="nestedatt--results--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.list`

Optional:

- `access` (String) Access permission for _element_.

  Allowed values:
  * _allow_
  * _deny_

  Must be empty if _element_ is _acl_.
- `acl` (String) The resource identifier.
- `address` (String) Optional. Data for _ip_ _element_.  Must be empty if _element_ is not _ip_.
- `element` (String) Type of element.

  Allowed values:
  * _any_
  * _ip_
  * _acl_
  * _tsig_key_
- `tsig_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--list--tsig_key))

<a id="nestedatt--results--list--tsig_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.list.tsig_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) TSIG key algorithm.

  Possible values:
  * _hmac_sha256_
  * _hmac_sha1_
  * _hmac_sha224_
  * _hmac_sha384_
  * _hmac_sha512_
- `comment` (String) Comment for TSIG key.
- `name` (String) TSIG key name, FQDN.
- `protocol_name` (String) TSIG key name in punycode.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) TSIG key secret, base64 string.
