---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_forward_nsgs Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Forward DNS Server Groups.
---

# bloxone_dns_forward_nsgs (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Forward DNS Server Groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Forward NSGs filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_dns_forward_nsgs" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_forward_nsg"
  }
}

# Get Forward NSGs filtered by tag
data "bloxone_dns_forward_nsgs" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    site = "Site A"
  }
}

# Get all Forward NSGs
data "bloxone_dns_forward_nsgs" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Optional. Comment for the object.
- `external_forwarders` (Attributes List) Optional. External DNS servers to forward to. Order is not significant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--external_forwarders))
- `forwarders_only` (Boolean) Optional. _true_ to only forward.
- `hosts` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `internal_forwarders` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `nsgs` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tagging specifics.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--results--external_forwarders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.external_forwarders`

Required:

- `address` (String) Server IP address.
- `fqdn` (String) Server FQDN.

Read-Only:

- `protocol_fqdn` (String) Server FQDN in punycode.
