---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_federation_federated_realms Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Federated Realm.
  The Federated Realm object object is a unique set of federated blocks per realm.
---

# bloxone_federation_federated_realms (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Federated Realm.

The Federated Realm object object is a unique set of federated blocks per realm.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Federated Realm filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_federation_federated_realms" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_federation_federated_realm"
  }
}

#Get Federated Realm filtered by tag
data "bloxone_federation_federated_realms" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    key1 = "value1"
  }
}

#Get all Federated Realm
data "bloxone_federation_federated_realms" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the federated realm. May contain 1 to 256 characters; can include UTF-8.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The description of the federated realm. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the federation block in JSON format.

Read-Only:

- `allocation_v4` (Attributes) The aggregate of all Federated Blocks within the Realm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--allocation_v4))
- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `tags_all` (Map of String) The tags of the federation realm in JSON format including default tags.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.

<a id="nestedatt--results--allocation_v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.allocation_v4`

Read-Only:

- `allocated` (Number) Percent of total space allocated.
- `delegated` (Number) Percent of total space delegated.
- `overlapping` (Number) Percent of total space in overlapping blocks.
- `reserved` (Number) Percent of total space reserved.
