---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_federation_federated_blocks Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "IPAM Federation""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Federated Blocks.
  The Federated Block object allows a uniform representation of the address space segmentation, supporting functions such as administrative grouping, routing aggregation, delegation etc.
---

# bloxone_federation_federated_blocks (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Federated Blocks.

The Federated Block object allows a uniform representation of the address space segmentation, supporting functions such as administrative grouping, routing aggregation, delegation etc.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Federated Block filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_federation_federated_blocks" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_federation_federated_block"
  }
}

# Get Federated Block filtered by tag
data "bloxone_federation_federated_blocks" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    site = "Site A"
  }
}

# Get all Federated Block
data "bloxone_federation_federated_blocks" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `cidr` (Number) The CIDR of the federated block. This is required, if _address_ does not specify it in its input.
- `federated_realm` (String) The resource identifier.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address of the subnet in the form “a.b.c.d”
- `comment` (String) The description for the federated block. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `name` (String) The name of the federated block. May contain 1 to 256 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the federated block in JSON format.

Read-Only:

- `allocation_v4` (Attributes) The percentage of the Federated Block’s total address space that is consumed by Leaf Terminals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--allocation_v4))
- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `parent` (String) The resource identifier.
- `protocol` (String) The type of protocol of federated block (_ip4_ or _ip6_).
- `tags_all` (Map of String) The tags of the federation block in JSON format including default tags.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.

<a id="nestedatt--results--allocation_v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.allocation_v4`

Read-Only:

- `allocated` (Number) Percent of total space allocated.
- `delegated` (Number) Percent of total space delegated.
- `overlapping` (Number) Percent of total space in overlapping blocks.
- `reserved` (Number) Percent of total space reserved.
