---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_infra_hosts Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_infra_hosts (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get hosts filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_infra_hosts" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_host"
  }
}

# Get hosts filtered by tag
data "bloxone_infra_hosts" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all hosts
data "bloxone_infra_hosts" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `retry_if_not_found` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the data source will retry until a matching host is found, or until the Read Timeout expires.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the Host (unique).

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the Host (optional).
- `ip_space` (String) The IP Space of the Host.
- `location_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `maintenance_mode` (String)
- `pool_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `serial_number` (String) The unique serial number of the Host.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with this Host.

Read-Only:

- `configs` (Attributes List) The list of Host-specific configurations for each Service deployed on this Host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--configs))
- `connectivity_monitor` (Map of String) Represents the connectivity monitor properties of a Host, to enable/disable connectivity monitoring for redundant network interfaces.  The "endpoint_type" is: - `"csp"` for enabling monitoring - `""` for disabling monitoring (default)  Note: Currently, all fields except "endpoint_type" are read-only, and will be overridden to default values in case they are edited.  Example: ``` {   "connectivity_monitor": {     "cost":1000000,     "endpoint_type":"csp",     "endpoint":"http://csp.infoblox.com",     "interval":15,     "failure_threshold":1,     "success_threshold":2   } } ```
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of creation of Host.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Host (internal use only).
- `host_subtype` (String) The sub-type of a specific Host type.  Example: For Host type BloxOne Appliance, sub-type could be "B105" or "VEP1425"
- `host_type` (String) The type of Host.  Should be one of: 1. NIOS , 2. NIOS HA, 3. BloxOne VM , 4. BloxOne Appliance, 5. BloxOne Container, 6. CNIOS
- `host_version` (String) The version of the Host platform services.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the Host.
- `legacy_id` (String) The legacy Host object identifier.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the Host.
- `nat_ip` (String) The NAT IP address of the Host.
- `noa_cluster` (String) The CSP cluster identifier (internal use only).
- `ophid` (String) The unique On-Prem Host ID generated by the On-Prem device and assigned to the Host once it is registered and logged into the Infoblox Cloud.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone of the Host.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of the latest update on Host.

<a id="nestedatt--results--configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.configs`

Optional:

- `current_version` (String) The current version of the Service deployed on the Host.
- `extra_data` (String) The field to carry any extra data specific to this configuration.
- `host_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `service_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `service_type` (String) The type of the Service deployed on the Host (`dns`, `cdc`, etc.). The following is a list of the different Services and their string types (the string types are to be used with the APIs for the `service_type` field):

  | Service name | Service type | 
  | ------ | ------ | 
  | Access Authentication | authn | 
  | Anycast | anycast | 
  | Data Connector | cdc | 
  | DHCP | dhcp | 
  | DNS | dns | 
  | DNS Forwarding Proxy | dfp | 
  | NIOS Grid Connector | orpheus | 
  | MS AD Sync | msad | 
  | NTP | ntp | 
  | BGP | bgp | 
  | RIP | rip | 
  | OSPF | ospf |
- `upgraded_at` (String) The timestamp of the latest upgrade of the Host-specific Service configuration.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
