---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_infra_services Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_infra_services (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get services filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_infra_services" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_service"
  }
}

# Get services filtered by tag
data "bloxone_infra_services" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all services
data "bloxone_infra_services" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to filter by tags return a more specific list of results. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Service (unique).
- `pool_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `service_type` (String) The type of the Service deployed on the Host (`dns`, `cdc`, etc.).

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the Service (optional).
- `desired_state` (String) The desired state of the Service. Should either be `"start"` or `"stop"`.
- `desired_version` (String) The desired version of the Service.
- `interface_labels` (List of String) List of interfaces on which this Service can operate. Note: The list can contain custom interface labels (Example: `["WAN","LAN","label1","label2"]`)
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with this Service.

Read-Only:

- `configs` (Attributes List) List of Host-specific configurations of this Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--configs))
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of creation of Service.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of the latest update on Service.

<a id="nestedatt--results--configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.configs`

Optional:

- `current_version` (String) The current version of the Service deployed on the Host.
- `extra_data` (String) The field to carry any extra data specific to this configuration.
- `host_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `service_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `service_type` (String) The type of the Service deployed on the Host (`dns`, `cdc`, etc.).
- `upgraded_at` (String) The timestamp of the latest upgrade of the Host-specific Service configuration.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
