---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_ipam_address_blocks Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "IPAM/DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Address Blocks.
  The Address Block object allows a uniform representation of the address space segmentation, supporting functions such as administrative grouping, routing aggregation, delegation etc.
---

# bloxone_ipam_address_blocks (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Address Blocks.

The Address Block object allows a uniform representation of the address space segmentation, supporting functions such as administrative grouping, routing aggregation, delegation etc.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Address blocks filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_ipam_address_blocks" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_subnet"
  }
}

# Get Address blocks filtered by tag
data "bloxone_ipam_address_blocks" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all Address blocks
data "bloxone_ipam_address_blocks" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `cidr` (Number) The CIDR of the address block. This is required, if _address_ does not specify it in its input.
- `space` (String) The resource identifier.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address field in form 'a.b.c.d'.
- `asm_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--asm_config))
- `comment` (String) The description for the address block. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment associated with the object. If no compartment is associated with the object, the value defaults to empty.
- `ddns_client_update` (String) Controls who does the DDNS updates. Valid values are:
  * _client_: DHCP server updates DNS if requested by client.
  * _server_: DHCP server always updates DNS, overriding an update request from the client, unless the client requests no updates.
  * _ignore_: DHCP server always updates DNS, even if the client says not to.
  * _over_client_update_: Same as _server_. DHCP server always updates DNS, overriding an update request from the client, unless the client requests no updates.
  * _over_no_update_: DHCP server updates DNS even if the client requests that no updates be done. If the client requests to do the update, DHCP server allows it.
  Defaults to _client_.
- `ddns_conflict_resolution_mode` (String) The mode used for resolving conflicts while performing DDNS updates. Valid values are:

  * _check_with_dhcid_: It includes adding a DHCID record and checking that record via conflict detection as per RFC 4703.
  * _no_check_with_dhcid_: This will ignore conflict detection but add a DHCID record when creating/updating an entry.
  * _check_exists_with_dhcid_: This will check if there is an existing DHCID record but does not verify the value of the record matches the update. This will also update the DHCID record for the entry.
  * _no_check_without_dhcid_: This ignores conflict detection and will not add a DHCID record when creating/updating a DDNS entry.
  Defaults to _check_with_dhcid_.
- `ddns_domain` (String) The domain suffix for DDNS updates. FQDN, may be empty.  Defaults to empty.
- `ddns_generate_name` (Boolean) Indicates if DDNS needs to generate a hostname when not supplied by the client.  Defaults to _false_.
- `ddns_generated_prefix` (String) The prefix used in the generation of an FQDN.  When generating a name, DHCP server will construct the name in the format: [ddns-generated-prefix]-[address-text].[ddns-qualifying-suffix]. where address-text is simply the lease IP address converted to a hyphenated string.  Defaults to "myhost".
- `ddns_send_updates` (Boolean) Determines if DDNS updates are enabled at the address block level. Defaults to _true_.
- `ddns_ttl_percent` (Number) DDNS TTL value - to be calculated as a simple percentage of the lease's lifetime, using the parameter's value as the percentage. It is specified as a percentage (e.g. 25, 75). Defaults to unspecified.
- `ddns_update_on_renew` (Boolean) Instructs the DHCP server to always update the DNS information when a lease is renewed even if its DNS information has not changed.  Defaults to _false_.
- `ddns_use_conflict_resolution` (Boolean) When true, DHCP server will apply conflict resolution, as described in RFC 4703, when attempting to fulfill the update request.  When false, DHCP server will simply attempt to update the DNS entries per the request, regardless of whether or not they conflict with existing entries owned by other DHCP4 clients.  Defaults to _true_. Can be set to true only when ddns_conflict_resolution_mode is check_with_dhcid.
- `dhcp_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_config))
- `dhcp_options` (Attributes List) The list of DHCP options for the address block. May be either a specific option or a group of options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_options))
- `dhcp_utilization` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_utilization))
- `discovery_attrs` (Map of String) The discovery attributes for this address block in JSON format.
- `discovery_metadata` (Map of String) The discovery metadata for this address block in JSON format.
- `external_keys` (Map of String) The external keys (source key) for this address block in JSON format.
- `federated_realms` (List of String) Federated realms to which this address block belongs.
- `header_option_filename` (String) The configuration for header option filename field.
- `header_option_server_address` (String) The configuration for header option server address field.
- `header_option_server_name` (String) The configuration for header option server name field.
- `hostname_rewrite_char` (String) The character to replace non-matching characters with, when hostname rewrite is enabled.  Any single ASCII character or no character if the invalid characters should be removed without replacement.  Defaults to "-".
- `hostname_rewrite_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if client supplied hostnames will be rewritten prior to DDNS update by replacing every character that does not match _hostname_rewrite_regex_ by _hostname_rewrite_char_.  Defaults to _false_.
- `hostname_rewrite_regex` (String) The regex bracket expression to match valid characters.  Must begin with "[" and end with "]" and be a compilable POSIX regex.  Defaults to "[^a-zA-Z0-9_.]".
- `inheritance_parent` (String) The resource identifier.
- `inheritance_sources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources))
- `name` (String) The name of the address block. May contain 1 to 256 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `next_available_id` (String) The resource identifier for the address block where the next available address block should be generated.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the address block in JSON format.

Read-Only:

- `asm_scope_flag` (Number) Incremented by 1 if the IP address usage limits for automated scope management are exceeded for any subnets in the address block.
- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `delegation` (String) The ID of the delegation associated with the address block.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `parent` (String) The resource identifier.
- `protocol` (String) The type of protocol of address block (_ip4_ or _ip6_).
- `tags_all` (Map of String) The tags for the address block in JSON format including default tags.
- `threshold` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--threshold))
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
- `usage` (List of String) The usage is a combination of indicators, each tracking a specific associated use. Listed below are usage indicators with their meaning:

  | usage indicator        | description                                                                                         |
  |------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
  | _IPAM_                 |  AddressBlock is managed in BloxOne DDI.                                                            |
  | _DISCOVERED_           |  AddressBlock is discovered by some network discovery probe like Network Insight or NetMRI in NIOS. |
  <br>
- `utilization` (Attributes) The IPV4 address utilization statistics for the address block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--utilization))
- `utilization_v6` (Attributes) The utilization of IPV6 addresses in the Address block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--utilization_v6))

<a id="nestedatt--results--asm_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.asm_config`

Optional:

- `asm_threshold` (Number) ASM shows the number of addresses forecast to be used _forecast_period_ days in the future, if it is greater than _asm_threshold_ percent * _dhcp_total_ (see _dhcp_utilization_) then the subnet is flagged.
- `enable` (Boolean) Indicates if Automated Scope Management is enabled.
- `enable_notification` (Boolean) Indicates if ASM should send notifications to the user.
- `forecast_period` (Number) The forecast period in days.
- `growth_factor` (Number) Indicates the growth in the number or percentage of IP addresses.
- `growth_type` (String) The type of factor to use: _percent_ or _count_.
- `history` (Number) The minimum amount of history needed before ASM can run on this subnet.
- `min_total` (Number) The minimum size of range needed for ASM to run on this subnet.
- `min_unused` (Number) The minimum percentage of addresses that must be available outside of the DHCP ranges and fixed addresses when making a suggested change..
- `reenable_date` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_config`

Optional:

- `allow_unknown` (Boolean) Disable to allow leases only for known IPv4 clients, those for which a fixed address is configured.
- `allow_unknown_v6` (Boolean) Disable to allow leases only for known IPV6 clients, those for which a fixed address is configured.
- `filters` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `filters_large_selection` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `filters_v6` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `ignore_client_uid` (Boolean) Enable to ignore the client UID when issuing a DHCP lease. Use this option to prevent assigning two IP addresses for a client which does not have a UID during one phase of PXE boot but acquires one for the other phase.
- `ignore_list` (Attributes List) The list of clients to ignore requests from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_config--ignore_list))
- `lease_time` (Number) The lease duration in seconds.
- `lease_time_v6` (Number) The lease duration in seconds for IPV6 clients.

Read-Only:

- `abandoned_reclaim_time` (Number) The abandoned reclaim time in seconds for IPV4 clients.
- `abandoned_reclaim_time_v6` (Number) The abandoned reclaim time in seconds for IPV6 clients.
- `echo_client_id` (Boolean) Enable/disable to include/exclude the client id when responding to discover or request.

<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_config--ignore_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_config.ignore_list`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of ignore matching: client to ignore by client identifier (client hex or client text) or hardware to ignore by hardware identifier (MAC address). It can have one of the following values:
  * _client_hex_
  * _client_text_
  * _hardware_
- `value` (String) Value to match.



<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_options`

Optional:

- `group` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_code` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_value` (String) The option value.
- `type` (String) The type of item. Valid values are:
  * _group_
  * _option_


<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_utilization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_utilization`

Read-Only:

- `dhcp_free` (String) The total free IP addresses in the DHCP ranges in the scope of this object. It can be computed as _dhcp_total_ - _dhcp_used_.
- `dhcp_total` (String) The total IP addresses available in the DHCP ranges in the scope of this object.
- `dhcp_used` (String) The total IP addresses marked as used in the DHCP ranges in the scope of this object.
- `dhcp_utilization` (Number) The percentage of used IP addresses relative to the total IP addresses available in the DHCP ranges in the scope of this object.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources`

Optional:

- `asm_config` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _asm_config_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config))
- `ddns_client_update` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_client_update_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_client_update))
- `ddns_conflict_resolution_mode` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_conflict_resolution_mode_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_conflict_resolution_mode))
- `ddns_enabled` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_enabled_ field. Only action allowed is 'inherit'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_enabled))
- `ddns_hostname_block` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_generate_name_ and _ddns_generated_prefix_ fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block))
- `ddns_ttl_percent` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_ttl_percent_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_ttl_percent))
- `ddns_update_block` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_send_updates_ and _ddns_domain_ fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_block))
- `ddns_update_on_renew` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_update_on_renew_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_on_renew))
- `ddns_use_conflict_resolution` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ddns_use_conflict_resolution_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_use_conflict_resolution))
- `dhcp_config` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _dhcp_config_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config))
- `dhcp_options` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _dhcp_options_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options))
- `header_option_filename` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _header_option_filename_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_filename))
- `header_option_server_address` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _header_option_server_address_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_address))
- `header_option_server_name` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _header_option_server_name_ field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_name))
- `hostname_rewrite_block` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _hostname_rewrite_enabled_, _hostname_rewrite_regex_, and _hostname_rewrite_char_ fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config`

Optional:

- `asm_enable_block` (Attributes) The block of ASM fields: _enable_, _enable_notification_, _reenable_date_. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_enable_block))
- `asm_growth_block` (Attributes) The block of ASM fields: _growth_factor_, _growth_type_. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_growth_block))
- `asm_threshold` (Attributes) ASM shows the number of addresses forecast to be used _forecast_period_ days in the future, if it is greater than _asm_threshold_percent_ * _dhcp_total_ (see _dhcp_utilization_) then the subnet is flagged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_threshold))
- `forecast_period` (Attributes) The forecast period in days. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--forecast_period))
- `history` (Attributes) The minimum amount of history needed before ASM can run on this subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--history))
- `min_total` (Attributes) The minimum size of range needed for ASM to run on this subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--min_total))
- `min_unused` (Attributes) The minimum percentage of addresses that must be available outside of the DHCP ranges and fixed addresses when making a suggested change. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--min_unused))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_enable_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.asm_enable_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) The inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_enable_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_enable_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.asm_enable_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Indicates whether Automated Scope Management is enabled or not.
- `enable_notification` (Boolean) Indicates whether sending notifications to the users is enabled or not.
- `reenable_date` (String) The date at which notifications will be re-enabled automatically.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_growth_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.asm_growth_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) The inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_growth_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_growth_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.asm_growth_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `growth_factor` (Number) Either the number or percentage of addresses to grow by.
- `growth_type` (String) The type of factor to use: _percent_ or _count_.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--asm_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.asm_threshold`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--forecast_period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.forecast_period`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.history`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--min_total"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.min_total`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--asm_config--min_unused"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.asm_config.min_unused`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_client_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_client_update`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_conflict_resolution_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_conflict_resolution_mode`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_enabled`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_hostname_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) The inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_hostname_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_hostname_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `ddns_generate_name` (Boolean) Indicates if DDNS should generate a hostname when not supplied by the client.
- `ddns_generated_prefix` (String) The prefix used in the generation of an FQDN.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_ttl_percent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_ttl_percent`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_update_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) The inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_update_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `ddns_domain` (String) The domain name for DDNS.
- `ddns_send_updates` (Boolean) Determines if DDNS updates are enabled at this level.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_update_on_renew"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_update_on_renew`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--ddns_use_conflict_resolution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.ddns_use_conflict_resolution`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config`

Optional:

- `abandoned_reclaim_time` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _abandoned_reclaim_time_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time))
- `abandoned_reclaim_time_v6` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _abandoned_reclaim_time_v6_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time_v6))
- `allow_unknown` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _allow_unknown_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown))
- `allow_unknown_v6` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _allow_unknown_v6_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown_v6))
- `authoritative_dhcp` (Attributes) Set DHCP server as authoritative. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--authoritative_dhcp))
- `echo_client_id` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _echo_client_id_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--echo_client_id))
- `filters` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for filters field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters))
- `filters_v6` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _filters_v6_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters_v6))
- `hold_reclaimed_time` (Attributes) The hold reclaimed time in seconds for IPV4 clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--hold_reclaimed_time))
- `hold_reclaimed_time_v6` (Attributes) The hold reclaimed time in seconds for IPV6 clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--hold_reclaimed_time_v6))
- `ignore_client_uid` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ignore_client_uid_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_client_uid))
- `ignore_list` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _ignore_list_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_list))
- `lease_time` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _lease_time_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time))
- `lease_time_v6` (Attributes) The inheritance configuration for _lease_time_v6_ field from _DHCPConfig_ object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time_v6))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.abandoned_reclaim_time`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--abandoned_reclaim_time_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.abandoned_reclaim_time_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.allow_unknown`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--allow_unknown_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.allow_unknown_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--authoritative_dhcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.authoritative_dhcp`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--echo_client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.echo_client_id`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.filters`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (List of String) The resource identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--filters_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.filters_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (List of String) The resource identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--hold_reclaimed_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.hold_reclaimed_time`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--hold_reclaimed_time_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.hold_reclaimed_time_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_client_uid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.ignore_client_uid`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Boolean) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.ignore_list`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes List) The inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_list--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--ignore_list--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.ignore_list.value`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of ignore matching: client to ignore by client identifier (client hex or client text) or hardware to ignore by hardware identifier (MAC address). It can have one of the following values:
  * _client_hex_
  * _client_text_
  * _hardware_
- `value` (String) Value to match.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.lease_time`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_config--lease_time_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_config.lease_time_v6`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.



<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _block_: Don't use the inherited value.

  Defaults to _inherit_.
- `value` (Attributes List) The inherited DHCP option values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options.value`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _block_: Don't use the inherited value.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) The inherited value for the DHCP option. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options.value.value`

Read-Only:

- `option` (Attributes) Option inherited from the ancestor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value--option))
- `overriding_group` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--dhcp_options--value--value--option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.dhcp_options.value.value.option`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_code` (String) The resource identifier.
- `option_value` (String) The option value.
- `type` (String) The type of item. Valid values are:
  * _group_
  * _option_





<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_filename"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.header_option_filename`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.header_option_server_address`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--header_option_server_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.header_option_server_name`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (String) The inherited value.


<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.hostname_rewrite_block`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting. Valid values are:
  * _inherit_: Use the inherited value.
  * _override_: Use the value set in the object.

  Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes) The inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block--value))

<a id="nestedatt--results--inheritance_sources--hostname_rewrite_block--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.inheritance_sources.hostname_rewrite_block.value`

Read-Only:

- `hostname_rewrite_char` (String) The inheritance configuration for _hostname_rewrite_char_ field.
- `hostname_rewrite_enabled` (Boolean) The inheritance configuration for _hostname_rewrite_enabled_ field.
- `hostname_rewrite_regex` (String) The inheritance configuration for _hostname_rewrite_regex_ field.




<a id="nestedatt--results--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.threshold`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the utilization threshold for IP addresses is enabled or not.
- `high` (Number) The high threshold value for the percentage of used IP addresses relative to the total IP addresses available in the scope of the object. Thresholds are inclusive in the comparison test.
- `low` (Number) The low threshold value for the percentage of used IP addresses relative to the total IP addresses available in the scope of the object. Thresholds are inclusive in the comparison test.


<a id="nestedatt--results--utilization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.utilization`

Read-Only:

- `abandon_utilization` (Number) The percentage of abandoned IP addresses relative to the total IP addresses available in the scope of the object.
- `abandoned` (String) The number of IP addresses in the scope of the object which are in the abandoned state (issued by a DHCP server and then declined by the client).
- `dynamic` (String) The number of IP addresses handed out by DHCP in the scope of the object. This includes all leased addresses, fixed addresses that are defined but not currently leased and abandoned leases.
- `free` (String) The number of IP addresses available in the scope of the object.
- `static` (String) The number of defined IP addresses such as reservations or DNS records. It can be computed as _static_ = _used_ - _dynamic_.
- `total` (String) The total number of IP addresses available in the scope of the object.
- `used` (String) The number of IP addresses used in the scope of the object.
- `utilization` (Number) The percentage of used IP addresses relative to the total IP addresses available in the scope of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--results--utilization_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.utilization_v6`

Optional:

- `abandoned` (String)
- `dynamic` (String)
- `static` (String)
- `total` (String)
- `used` (String)
