---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_ipam_next_available_ips Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_ipam_next_available_ips (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bloxone_ipam_address_blocks" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_address_block"
  }
}

data "bloxone_ipam_subnets" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_subnet"
  }
}

data "bloxone_ipam_ranges" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_range"
  }
}

// 'ip_count' allows you to get the number of next available ips in the resource specified by 'id'
// If not defined, count would default to 1
data "bloxone_ipam_next_available_ips" "example_next_ip_ab" {
  id       = data.bloxone_ipam_address_blocks.example_by_attribute.results.0.id
  ip_count = 5
}

data "bloxone_next_available_ips" "example_next_ip_ab_default_count" {
  id = data.bloxone_ipam_address_blocks.example_by_attribute.results.0.id
}

data "bloxone_next_available_ips" "example_next_ip_sub" {
  id    = data.bloxone_ipam_subnets.example_by_attribute.results.0.id
  count = 5
}

data "bloxone_next_available_ips" "example_next_ip_range" {
  id    = data.bloxone_ipam_ranges.example_by_attribute.results.0.id
  count = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) An application specific resource identity of a resource

### Optional

- `contiguous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the IP addresses should belong to a contiguous block. Defaults to false.
- `ip_count` (Number) The number of IP addresses requested. Defaults to 1.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `space` (String) The resource identifier.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address in form "a.b.c.d".
- `comment` (String) The description for the address object. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `hwaddr` (String) The hardware address associated with this IP address.
- `interface` (String) The name of the network interface card (NIC) associated with the address, if any.
- `names` (Attributes List) The list of all names associated with this address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--names))
- `next_available_id` (String) The resource identifier for the address block, subnet or range where the next available address should be generated
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for this address in JSON format.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `dhcp_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--dhcp_info))
- `disable_dhcp` (Boolean) Read only. Represent the value of the same field in the associated _dhcp/fixed_address_ object.
- `discovery_attrs` (Map of String) The discovery attributes for this address in JSON format.
- `discovery_metadata` (Map of String) The discovery metadata for this address in JSON format.
- `host` (String) The resource identifier.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `parent` (String) The resource identifier.
- `protocol` (String) The type of protocol (_ip4_ or _ip6_).
- `range` (String) The resource identifier.
- `state` (String) The state of the address (_used_ or _free_).
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
- `usage` (List of String) The usage is a combination of indicators, each tracking a specific associated use. Listed below are usage indicators with their meaning:  usage indicator        | description  ---------------------- | --------------------------------  _IPAM_                 |  Address was created by the IPAM component.  _IPAM_, _RESERVED_     |  Address was created by the API call _ipam/address_ or _ipam/host_.  _IPAM_, _NETWORK_      |  Address was automatically created by the IPAM component and is the network address of the parent subnet.  _IPAM_, _BROADCAST_    |  Address was automatically created by the IPAM component and is the broadcast address of the parent subnet.  _DHCP_                 |  Address was created by the DHCP component.  _DHCP_, _FIXEDADDRESS_ |  Address was created by the API call _dhcp/fixed_address_.  _DHCP_, _LEASED_       |  An active lease for that address was issued by a DHCP server.  _DHCP_, _DISABLED_     |  Address is disabled.  _DNS_                  |  Address is used by one or more DNS records.  _DISCOVERED_           |  Address is discovered by some network discovery probe like Network Insight or NetMRI in NIOS.

<a id="nestedatt--results--names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.names`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name expressed as a single label or FQDN.
- `type` (String) The origin of the name.


<a id="nestedatt--results--dhcp_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.dhcp_info`

Read-Only:

- `client_hostname` (String) The DHCP host name associated with this client.
- `client_hwaddr` (String) The hardware address associated with this client.
- `client_id` (String) The ID associated with this client.
- `end` (String) The timestamp at which the _state_, when set to _leased_, will be changed to _free_.
- `fingerprint` (String) The DHCP fingerprint for the associated lease.
- `iaid` (Number) Identity Association Identifier (IAID) of the lease. Applicable only for DHCPv6.
- `lease_type` (String) Lease type. Applicable only for address under DHCP control. The value can be empty for address not under DHCP control.  Valid values are: * _DHCPv6NonTemporaryAddress_: DHCPv6 non-temporary address (NA) * _DHCPv6TemporaryAddress_: DHCPv6 temporary address (TA) * _DHCPv6PrefixDelegation_: DHCPv6 prefix delegation (PD) * _DHCPv4_: DHCPv4 lease
- `preferred_lifetime` (String) The length of time that a valid address is preferred (i.e., the time until deprecation). When the preferred lifetime expires, the address becomes deprecated on the client. It is still considered leased on the server. Applicable only for DHCPv6.
- `remain` (Number) The remaining time, in seconds, until which the _state_, when set to _leased_, will remain in that state.
- `start` (String) The timestamp at which _state_ was first set to _leased_.
- `state` (String) Indicates the status of this IP address from a DHCP protocol standpoint as:   * _none_: Address is not under DHCP control.   * _free_: Address is under DHCP control but has no lease currently assigned.   * _leased_: Address is under DHCP control and has a lease currently assigned. The lease details are contained in the matching _dhcp/lease_ resource.
- `state_ts` (String) The timestamp at which the _state_ was last reported.
