---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_keys_tsigs Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "Keys"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing TSIG Keys.
---

# bloxone_keys_tsigs (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing TSIG Keys.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get TSIG Keys filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_keys_tsigs" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_tsig_key"
  }
}

# Get TSIG Keys filtered by tag
data "bloxone_keys_tsigs" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all TSIG Keys
data "bloxone_keys_tsigs" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `name` (String) The TSIG key name in the absolute domain name format.

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) TSIG key algorithm.

  Valid values are:
  * _hmac_sha1_
  * _hmac_sha224_
  * _hmac_sha256_
  * _hmac_sha384_
  * _hmac_sha512_

  Defaults to _hmac_sha256_.
- `comment` (String) The description for the TSIG key. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The TSIG key secret as a Base64 encoded string.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the TSIG key in JSON format.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `protocol_name` (String) The TSIG key name supplied during a create/update operation that is converted to canonical form in punycode.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
