---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_td_access_codes Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "Threat Defense"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Access Codes/Bypass Codes.
---

# bloxone_td_access_codes (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Access Codes/Bypass Codes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Access Codes filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_td_access_codes" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_access_code"
  }
}

# Get all Access Codes
data "bloxone_td_access_codes" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `activation` (String) The time when the Bypass Code object was activated.
- `expiration` (String) The time when the Bypass Code object expires.
- `name` (String) The name of Bypass Code
- `rules` (Attributes List) The list of selected security rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--rules))

Optional:

- `description` (String) The brief description for an access code.

Read-Only:

- `access_key` (String) Auto generated unique Bypass Code value
- `created_time` (String) The time when the Bypass Code object was created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `policy_ids` (List of Number) The list of SecurityPolicy object identifiers.
- `updated_time` (String) The time when the Bypass Code object was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--results--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The action to be used in the rule.
- `data` (String) The data to be used in the rule.
- `description` (String) The brief description of the rule.
- `redirect_name` (String) The name of the redirect to be used in the rule.
- `type` (String) The type of the rule.
