---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_td_application_filters Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "Threat Defense"
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_td_application_filters (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Application Filters filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_td_application_filters" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_application_filter"
  }
}

# Get Application Filters filtered by tag
data "bloxone_td_application_filters" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all Application Filters
data "bloxone_td_application_filters" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `criteria` (Attributes List) The array of key-value pairs specifying criteria for the search. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--criteria))
- `name` (String) The name of the application filter.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The brief description for the application filter.
- `tags` (Map of String) Enables tag support for resource where tags attribute contains user-defined key value pairs

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String) The time when this Application Filter object was created.
- `id` (Number) The Application Filter object identifier.
- `policies` (List of String) The list of security policy names with which the application filter is associated.
- `readonly` (Boolean) True if it is a predefined application filter
- `updated_time` (String) The time when this Application Filter object was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--results--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.criteria`

Optional:

- `category` (String) The category of the application.
- `name` (String) Name for the application. Since the name of application is unique it may be used as alternate key for the application. The 'name' is used for import-export workflow and should be resolved to the 'id' before continue processing Create/Update operations.
- `subcategory` (String) The subcategory of the application.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The Application Criterion object identifier.
