---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_td_category_filters Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "Threat Defense"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Category Filters.
---

# bloxone_td_category_filters (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Category Filters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Category Filters filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_td_category_filters" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_category_filter"
  }
}

# Get Category Filters filtered by tag
data "bloxone_td_category_filters" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    "region" = "eu"
  }
}

# Get all Category Filters
data "bloxone_td_category_filters" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `categories` (List of String) The list of content category names that falls into this category filter.
- `name` (String) The name of the category filter.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The brief description for the category filter.
- `tags` (Map of String) Enables tag support for resource where tags attribute contains user-defined key value pairs

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String) The time when this Category Filter object was created.
- `id` (Number) The Category Filter object identifier.
- `policies` (List of String) The list of security policy names with which the category filter is associated.
- `updated_time` (String) The time when this Category Filter object was last updated.
