---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_td_internal_domain_lists Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_td_internal_domain_lists (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get internal domain lists filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_td_internal_domain_lists" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_list"
  }
}

# Get internal domain lists filtered by tag
data "bloxone_td_internal_domain_lists" "example_by_tag" {
  tag_filters = {
    site = "Site A"
  }
}

# Get all auth zones
data "bloxone_td_internal_domain_lists" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The brief description for the internal domain lists .
- `internal_domains` (List of String) The list of internal domains, should be unique to each other and has to be read-only from the API level.
- `name` (String) The name of the internal domain lists.
- `tags` (Map of String) Enables tag support for resource where tags attribute contains user-defined key value pairs

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String) The time when this Internal Domain lists object was created.
- `id` (Number) The Internal Domain object identifier.
- `is_default` (Boolean) True if name is 'Default Bypass Domains/CIDRs' otherwise false.
- `updated_time` (String) The time when this Internal domain lists object was last updated.
