---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_td_network_lists Data Source - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "Threat Defense"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Network Lists.
---

# bloxone_td_network_lists (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Network Lists.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Network Lists filtered by an attribute
data "bloxone_td_network_lists" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    "name" = "example_network_list"
  }
}

# Get all Network Lists
data "bloxone_td_network_lists" "example_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `tag_filters` (Map of String) Tag Filters are used to return a more specific list of results filtered by tags. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `items` (List of String) The list of networks' CIDRs that are subject for malicious attacks protection.
- `name` (String) The name of the network list.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The brief description for the network list.

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String) The time when this Network List object was created.
- `id` (Number) The Network List object identifier.
- `policy_id` (Number) The identifier of the security policy with which the network list is associated.
- `updated_time` (String) The time when this Network List object was last updated.
