---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_anycast_config Resource - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RManages Anycast Configuration. Anycast configuration comprises common anycast configuration data that is defined in support of one service on a set of on-prem hosts.
---

# bloxone_anycast_config (Resource)

RManages Anycast Configuration. Anycast configuration comprises common anycast configuration data that is defined in support of one service on a set of on-prem hosts.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `anycast_ip_address` (String) IPv4 address of the host in string format.
- `name` (String) The name of the anycast configuration.
- `service` (String) The type of the Service used in anycast configuration, supports (`dns`, `dhcp`, 'dfp').

### Optional

- `anycast_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the host in string format
- `description` (String) The description for the address object. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `onprem_hosts` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--onprem_hosts))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tagging specifics.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (Number) The account identifier.
- `created_at` (String) Time when the object has been created.
- `id` (Number) The resource identifier.
- `is_configured` (Boolean)
- `runtime_status` (String)
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.

<a id="nestedatt--onprem_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `onprem_hosts`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The resource identifier.
- `ip_address` (String) IPv4 address of the host in string format
- `ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the host in string format
- `name` (String) The name of the anycast.

Read-Only:

- `ophid` (String) Unique 32-character string identifier assigned to the host
- `runtime_status` (String)
