---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dhcp_host Resource - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "IPAM/DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages DHCP Hosts.
  A DHCP Host object associates a DHCP Config Profile with an on-prem host.
---

# bloxone_dhcp_host (Resource)

Manages DHCP Hosts.

A DHCP Host object associates a DHCP Config Profile with an on-prem host.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bloxone_infra_hosts" "host" {
  filters = {
    display_name = "my-host"
  }
}

resource "bloxone_dhcp_server" "dhcp_server" {
  name = "my-dhcp-server"
}

resource "bloxone_dhcp_host" "example_dhcp_host" {
  id     = data.bloxone_infra_hosts.host.results.0.legacy_id
  server = bloxone_dhcp_server.dhcp_server.id

  # Other Optional fields
  tags = {
    site = "Site A"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `server` (String) The resource identifier.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) The primary IP address of the on-prem host.
- `anycast_addresses` (List of String) Anycast address configured to the host. Order is not significant.
- `associated_server` (Attributes) The DHCP Config Profile for the on-prem host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_server))
- `comment` (String) The description for the on-prem host.
- `current_version` (String) Current dhcp application version of the host.
- `ip_space` (String) The resource identifier.
- `name` (String) The display name of the on-prem host.
- `ophid` (String) The on-prem host ID.
- `provider_id` (String) External provider identifier.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags of the on-prem host in JSON format.
- `type` (String) Defines the type of host. Allowed values:  * _bloxone_ddi_: host type is BloxOne DDI,  * _microsoft_azure_: host type is Microsoft Azure,  * _amazon_web_service_: host type is Amazon Web Services.  * _microsoft_active_directory_: host type is Microsoft Active Directory.

<a id="nestedatt--associated_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_server`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `name` (String) The DHCP Config Profile name.
