---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_host Resource - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages DNS Hosts.
  A DNS Host object associates a DNS Config Profile with an on-prem host.
  Note: This resource represents an existing backend object that cannot be created or deleted through API calls. Instead, it can only be updated. When using terraform apply the resource configuration is applied to the existing object, and no new object is created. Similarly terraform destroy removes the configuration associated with the object without actually deleting it from the backend.
---

# bloxone_dns_host (Resource)

Manages DNS Hosts.

A DNS Host object associates a DNS Config Profile with an on-prem host.

Note: This resource represents an existing backend object that cannot be created or deleted through API calls. Instead, it can only be updated. When using terraform apply the resource configuration is applied to the existing object, and no new object is created. Similarly terraform destroy removes the configuration associated with the object without actually deleting it from the backend.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bloxone_infra_hosts" "host" {
  filters = {
    display_name = "my-host"
  }
}

resource "bloxone_dns_server" "dns_server" {
  name = "my-dns-server"
}

resource "bloxone_dns_host" "example_dns_host" {
  id     = data.bloxone_infra_hosts.host.results.0.legacy_id
  server = bloxone_dns_server.dns_server.id

  # Other Optional fields
  tags = {
    site = "Site A"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.

### Optional

- `inheritance_sources` (Attributes) Optional. Inheritance configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inheritance_sources))
- `retry_if_not_found` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the resource will retry until a matching host is found, or until the Create Timeout expires.
- `server` (String) The resource identifier.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `absolute_name` (String) Host FQDN.
- `address` (String) Host's primary IP Address.
- `anycast_addresses` (List of String) Anycast address configured to the host. Order is not significant.
- `associated_server` (Attributes) Host associated server configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_server))
- `comment` (String) Host description.
- `current_version` (String) Host current version.
- `dfp` (Boolean) Below _dfp_ field is deprecated and not supported anymore. The indication whether or not BloxOne DDI DNS and BloxOne TD DFP are both active on the host will be migrated into the new _dfp_service_ field.
- `dfp_service` (String) DFP service indicates whether or not BloxOne DDI DNS and BloxOne TD DFP are both active on the host. If so, BloxOne DDI DNS will augment recursive queries and forward them to BloxOne TD DFP. Allowed values:  * _unavailable_: BloxOne TD DFP application is not available,  * _enabled_: BloxOne TD DFP application is available and enabled,  * _disabled_: BloxOne TD DFP application is available but disabled.
- `kerberos_keys` (Attributes List) Optional. _kerberos_keys_ contains a list of keys for GSS-TSIG signed dynamic updates.  Defaults to empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kerberos_keys))
- `name` (String) Host display name.
- `ophid` (String) On-Prem Host ID.
- `protocol_absolute_name` (String) Host FQDN in punycode.
- `provider_id` (String) External provider identifier.
- `site_id` (String) Host site ID.
- `tags` (Map of String) Host tagging specifics.
- `tags_all` (Map of String) Host tagging specifics includes default tags.
- `type` (String) Defines the type of host. Allowed values:  * _bloxone_ddi_: host type is BloxOne DDI,  * _microsoft_azure_: host type is Microsoft Azure,  * _amazon_web_service_: host type is Amazon Web Services,  * _microsoft_active_directory_: host type is Microsoft Active Directory,  * _google_cloud_platform_: host type is Google Cloud Platform.

<a id="nestedatt--inheritance_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inheritance_sources`

Optional:

- `kerberos_keys` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys))

<a id="nestedatt--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inheritance_sources.kerberos_keys`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Optional. Inheritance setting for a field. Defaults to _inherit_.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.
- `value` (Attributes List) Inherited value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys--value))

<a id="nestedatt--inheritance_sources--kerberos_keys--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inheritance_sources.kerberos_keys.value`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm of the key in accordance with RFC 3961.
- `domain` (String) Kerberos realm of the principal.
- `key` (String) The resource identifier.
- `principal` (String) Kerberos principal associated with key.
- `uploaded_at` (String) Upload time for the key.
- `version` (Number) The version number (KVNO) of the key.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--associated_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_server`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `name` (String) DNS server name.


<a id="nestedatt--kerberos_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kerberos_keys`

Required:

- `key` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm of the key in accordance with RFC 3961.
- `domain` (String) Kerberos realm of the principal.
- `principal` (String) Kerberos principal associated with key.
- `uploaded_at` (String) Upload time for the key.
- `version` (Number) The version number (KVNO) of the key.
