---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_forward_zone Resource - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a forwarding zone
---

# bloxone_dns_forward_zone (Resource)

Manages a forwarding zone

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bloxone_dns_view" "example_view" {
  name = "example_dns_view"
}

resource "bloxone_dns_forward_zone" "example" {
  fqdn = "domain.com."

  # Other optional fields
  comment = "Example of a Forward Zone"
  tags = {
    site = "Site A"
  }
  view = bloxone_dns_view.example_view.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Optional. Comment for zone configuration.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Optional. _true_ to disable object. A disabled object is effectively non-existent when generating configuration.
- `external_forwarders` (Attributes List) Optional. External DNS servers to forward to. Order is not significant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_forwarders))
- `forward_only` (Boolean) Optional. _true_ to only forward.
- `fqdn` (String) Zone FQDN. The FQDN supplied at creation will be converted to canonical form.  Read-only after creation.
- `hosts` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `internal_forwarders` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `nsgs` (List of String) The resource identifier.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tagging specifics.
- `view` (String) The resource identifier.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the object has been created.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `mapped_subnet` (String) Reverse zone network address in the following format: "ip-address/cidr". Defaults to empty.
- `mapping` (String) Read-only. Zone mapping type. Allowed values:  * _forward_,  * _ipv4_reverse_.  * _ipv6_reverse_.  Defaults to _forward_.
- `parent` (String) The resource identifier.
- `protocol_fqdn` (String) Zone FQDN in punycode.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
- `warnings` (Attributes List) The list of a forward zone warnings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--warnings))

<a id="nestedatt--external_forwarders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_forwarders`

Required:

- `address` (String) Server IP address.
- `fqdn` (String) Server FQDN.

Read-Only:

- `protocol_fqdn` (String) Server FQDN in punycode.


<a id="nestedatt--warnings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `warnings`

Optional:

- `message` (String) Warning message.
- `name` (String) Name of a warning.
