---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_dns_ptr_record Resource - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_dns_ptr_record (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bloxone_dns_auth_zone" "example" {
  fqdn         = "example.com."
  primary_type = "cloud"
}

resource "bloxone_dns_ptr_record" "example" {
  rdata = {
    dname = "example.com"
  }
  zone = bloxone_dns_auth_zone.example.id

  # Other optional fields
  name_in_zone = "ptr"
  comment      = "Example comment"
  disabled     = false
  ttl          = 3600
  tags = {
    location = "site1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rdata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rdata))

### Optional

- `absolute_name_spec` (String) Synthetic field, used to determine _zone_ and/or _name_in_zone_ field for records.
- `comment` (String) The description for the DNS resource record. May contain 0 to 1024 characters. Can include UTF-8.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the DNS resource record is disabled. A disabled object is effectively non-existent when generating configuration.  Defaults to _false_.
- `inheritance_sources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inheritance_sources))
- `name_in_zone` (String) The relative owner name to the zone origin. Must be specified for creating the DNS resource record and is read only for other operations.
- `options` (Map of String) The DNS resource record type-specific non-protocol options.  Valid value for _A_ (Address) and _AAAA_ (IPv6 Address) records:  Option     | Description -----------|----------------------------------------- create_ptr | A boolean flag which can be set to _true_ for POST operation to automatically create the corresponding PTR record. check_rmz  | A boolean flag which can be set to _true_ for POST operation to check the existence of reverse zone for creating the corresponding PTR record. Only applicable if the _create_ptr_ option is set to _true_.   Valid value for _PTR_ (Pointer) records:  Option     | Description -----------|---------------------------------------- address    | For GET operation it contains the IPv4 or IPv6 address represented by the PTR record.<br><br>For POST and PATCH operations it can be used to create/update a PTR record based on the IP address it represents. In this case, in addition to the _address_ in the options field, need to specify the _view_ field. |
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the DNS resource record in JSON format.
- `ttl` (Number) The record time to live value in seconds. The range of this value is 0 to 2147483647.  Defaults to TTL value from the SOA record of the zone.
- `view` (String) The resource identifier.
- `zone` (String) The resource identifier.

### Read-Only

- `absolute_zone_name` (String) The absolute domain name of the zone where this record belongs.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the object has been created.
- `delegation` (String) The resource identifier.
- `dns_absolute_name_spec` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of _absolute_name_spec_.
- `dns_absolute_zone_name` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of the absolute domain name of the zone where this record belongs.
- `dns_name_in_zone` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of the relative owner name for the DNS zone.
- `dns_rdata` (String) The DNS protocol textual representation of the DNS resource record data.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `ipam_host` (String) The resource identifier.
- `provider_metadata` (Map of String) external DNS provider metadata.
- `source` (List of String) Source indicator                    | Description ------------------------------------|-------------------------------- _STATIC_                            |  Record was created manually by API call to _dns/record_. Valid for all record types except _SOA_. _SYSTEM_                            |  Record was created automatically based on name server assignment. Valid for _SOA_, _NS_, _A_, _AAAA_, and _PTR_ record types. _DYNAMIC_                           |  Record was created dynamically by performing dynamic update. Valid for all record types except _SOA_. _DELEGATED_                         |  Record was created automatically based on delegation servers assignment. Always extends the _SYSTEM_ bit. Valid for _NS_, _A_, _AAAA_, and _PTR_ record types. _DTC_                               |  Record was created automatically based on the DTC configuration. Always extends the _SYSTEM_ bit. Valid only for _IBMETA_ record type with _LBDN_ subtype. _STATIC_, _SYSTEM_                  |  Record was created manually by API call but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment. _DYNAMIC_, _SYSTEM_                 |  Record was created dynamically by DDNS but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment. _DELEGATED_, _SYSTEM_               |  Record was created automatically based on delegation servers assignment. _SYSTEM_ will always accompany _DELEGATED_. _DTC_, _SYSTEM_                     |  Record was created automatically based on the DTC configuration. _SYSTEM_ will always accompany _DTC_. _STATIC_, _SYSTEM_, _DELEGATED_     |  Record was created manually by API call but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment as a result of creating a delegation. _DYNAMIC_, _SYSTEM_, _DELEGATED_    |  Record was created dynamically by DDNS but it is obfuscated by record generated based on name server assignment as a result of creating a delegation.
- `subtype` (String) The DNS resource record subtype specified in the textual mnemonic format. Valid only in case _type_ is _IBMETA_.  Value | Numeric Type | Description ------|--------------|--------------------------------------------- | 0            | Default value LBDN  | 1            | LBDN record
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record. This is always `PTR`.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the object has been updated. Equals to _created_at_ if not updated after creation.
- `view_name` (String) The display name of the DNS view that contains the parent zone of the DNS resource record.

<a id="nestedatt--rdata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rdata`

Required:

- `dname` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--inheritance_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inheritance_sources`

Optional:

- `ttl` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inheritance_sources--ttl))

<a id="nestedatt--inheritance_sources--ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inheritance_sources.ttl`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The inheritance setting for a field.  Valid values are: * _inherit_: Use the inherited value. * _override_: Use the value set in the object.  Defaults to _inherit_.
- `source` (String) The resource identifier.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name for the object referred to by _source_.
- `value` (Number) The inherited value.
