---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bloxone_infra_host Resource - terraform-provider-bloxone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bloxone_infra_host (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bloxone_ipam_ip_space" "current" {
  name = "example-space"
}

resource "bloxone_infra_host" "example" {
  display_name = "example_host"

  # Other Optional fields
  description = "An example host"
  ip_space    = bloxone_ipam_ip_space.current.id
  tags = {
    site = "Test Site"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The name of the Host (unique).

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Host (optional).
- `ip_space` (String) The IP Space of the Host.
- `location_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `maintenance_mode` (String)
- `pool_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `serial_number` (String) The unique serial number of the Host.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with this Host.

### Read-Only

- `configs` (Attributes List) The list of Host-specific configurations for each Service deployed on this Host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configs))
- `connectivity_monitor` (Map of String) Represents the connectivity monitor properties of a Host, to enable/disable connectivity monitoring for redundant network interfaces.  The "endpoint_type" is: - `"csp"` for enabling monitoring - `""` for disabling monitoring (default)  Note: Currently, all fields except "endpoint_type" are read-only, and will be overridden to default values in case they are edited.  Example: ``` {   "connectivity_monitor": {     "cost":1000000,     "endpoint_type":"csp",     "endpoint":"http://csp.infoblox.com",     "interval":15,     "failure_threshold":1,     "success_threshold":2   } } ```
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of creation of Host.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Host (internal use only).
- `host_subtype` (String) The sub-type of a specific Host type.  Example: For Host type BloxOne Appliance, sub-type could be "B105" or "VEP1425"
- `host_type` (String) The type of Host.  Should be one of: 1. NIOS , 2. NIOS HA, 3. BloxOne VM , 4. BloxOne Appliance, 5. BloxOne Container, 6. CNIOS
- `host_version` (String) The version of the Host platform services.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the Host.
- `legacy_id` (String) The legacy Host object identifier.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the Host.
- `nat_ip` (String) The NAT IP address of the Host.
- `noa_cluster` (String) The CSP cluster identifier (internal use only).
- `ophid` (String) The unique On-Prem Host ID generated by the On-Prem device and assigned to the Host once it is registered and logged into the Infoblox Cloud.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone of the Host.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of the latest update on Host.

<a id="nestedatt--configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configs`

Optional:

- `current_version` (String) The current version of the Service deployed on the Host.
- `extra_data` (String) The field to carry any extra data specific to this configuration.
- `host_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `service_id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `service_type` (String) The type of the Service deployed on the Host (`dns`, `cdc`, etc.).
- `upgraded_at` (String) The timestamp of the latest upgrade of the Host-specific Service configuration.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
